Add docs about path param restrictions (#13413)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/auth/userpass.mdx

### Parameters

> - `username` `(string: <required>)` – The username for the user. Accepted characters: alphanumeric plus "_", "-", "." (underscore, hyphen and period); username cannot begin with hyphen, and being or end with period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `username` `(string: <required>)` – The username for the user. Accepted characters: alphanumeric plus "_", "-", "." (underscore, hyphen and period); username cannot begin with a hyphen, nor can it begin or end with a period.
```
